docs/cmf/Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes.md, before:

#### [cmf](index.md 'index')
## Cmf.Common.Cli.Attributes Namespace
### Classes
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute Class
```csharp
public class CmfCommandAttribute : System.Attribute
```

Inheritance [System.Object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.Object 'System.Object') &#129106; [System.Attribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.Attribute 'System.Attribute') &#129106; CmfCommandAttribute  
### Constructors
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_CmfCommandAttribute(string)'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute.CmfCommandAttribute(string) Constructor
Initializes a new instance of the [CmfCommandAttribute](Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes.md#Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute 'Cmf.Common.Cli.Attributes.CmfCommandAttribute') class.  
```csharp
public CmfCommandAttribute(string name=null);
```
#### Parameters
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_CmfCommandAttribute(string)_name'></a>
`name` [System.String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.String 'System.String')  
The name.
  
  
### Properties
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_Name'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute.Name Property
Gets or sets the name.  
```csharp
public string Name { get; set; }
```
#### Property Value
[System.String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.String 'System.String')
The name.  
  
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_Parent'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute.Parent Property
Gets or sets the parent.  
```csharp
public string Parent { get; set; }
```
#### Property Value
[System.String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.String 'System.String')
The parent.  
  
#### See Also
- [System.Attribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.Attribute 'System.Attribute')

Commit message:

chore: hide local command group from help docs: update documentation

docs/cmf/Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes.md, after:

#### [cmf](index.md 'index')
## Cmf.Common.Cli.Attributes Namespace
### Classes
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute Class
```csharp
public class CmfCommandAttribute : System.Attribute
```

Inheritance [System.Object](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.Object 'System.Object') &#129106; [System.Attribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.Attribute 'System.Attribute') &#129106; CmfCommandAttribute  
### Constructors
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_CmfCommandAttribute(string)'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute.CmfCommandAttribute(string) Constructor
Initializes a new instance of the [CmfCommandAttribute](Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes.md#Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute 'Cmf.Common.Cli.Attributes.CmfCommandAttribute') class.  
```csharp
public CmfCommandAttribute(string name=null);
```
#### Parameters
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_CmfCommandAttribute(string)_name'></a>
`name` [System.String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.String 'System.String')  
The name.
  
  
### Properties
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_IsHidden'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute.IsHidden Property
should hide the command in help screens?  
```csharp
public bool IsHidden { get; set; }
```
#### Property Value
[System.Boolean](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.Boolean 'System.Boolean')
  
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_Name'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute.Name Property
Gets or sets the name.  
```csharp
public string Name { get; set; }
```
#### Property Value
[System.String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.String 'System.String')
The name.  
  
<a name='Cmf_Common_Cli_Attributes_CmfCommandAttribute_Parent'></a>
## CmfCommandAttribute.Parent Property
Gets or sets the parent.  
```csharp
public string Parent { get; set; }
```
#### Property Value
[System.String](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.String 'System.String')
The parent.  
  
#### See Also
- [System.Attribute](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/System.Attribute 'System.Attribute')
